Form follows fucking function. To go partway is easy, but mastering anything requires hard fucking work. Saul Bass on failure: Failure is built into creativity… the creative act involves this element of ‘newness’ and ‘experimentalism,’ then one must expect and accept the fucking possibility of failure. When you sit down to work, external critics aren’t the enemy. It’s you who you must to fight against to do great fucking work. You must overcome yourself. Don’t get hung up on things that don’t fucking work.

You need to sit down and sketch more fucking ideas because stalking your ex on facebook isn’t going to get you anywhere. Don’t worry about what other people fucking think. Design as if your fucking life depended on it. Respect your fucking craft.

Why are you fucking reading all of this? Get back to work. You won’t get good at anything by doing it a lot fucking aimlessly. If you’re not being fucking honest with yourself how could you ever hope to communicate something meaningful to someone else? A good fucking composition is the result of a hierarchy consisting of clearly contrasting elements set with distinct alignments containing irregular intervals of negative space. Never let your guard down by thinking you’re fucking good enough.

Don’t worry about what other people fucking think. You need to sit down and sketch more fucking ideas because stalking your ex on facebook isn’t going to get you anywhere. Don’t worry about what other people fucking think. Why are you fucking reading all of this? Get back to work. Practice won’t get you anywhere if you mindlessly fucking practice the same thing. Change only occurs when you work deliberately with purpose toward a goal.

Creativity is a fucking work-ethic. Creativity is a fucking work-ethic. Widows and orphans are terrible fucking tragedies, both in real life and definitely in typography. Learn from fucking criticism.

Design is all about fucking relationships—the relationship of form and content, the relationship of elements, the relationship of designer and user. Don’t fucking lie to yourself. Your rapidograph pens are fucking dried up, the x-acto blades in your bag are rusty, and your mind is dull. Stop clicking your mouse, get messy, go back to the basics and make something fucking original. Never, never assume that what you have achieved is fucking good enough. When you sit down to work, external critics aren’t the enemy. It’s you who you must to fight against to do great fucking work. You must overcome yourself. Saul Bass on failure: Failure is built into creativity… the creative act involves this element of ‘newness’ and ‘experimentalism,’ then one must expect and accept the fucking possibility of failure. What’s important is the fucking drive to see a project through no matter what. Don’t worry about what other people fucking think. Paul Rand once said, “The public is more familiar with bad fucking design than good design. It is, in effect, conditioned to prefer bad design, because that is what it lives with. The new becomes threatening, the old reassuring.” The graphic designer’s first fucking consideration

Form follows fucking function. If you’re not being fucking honest with yourself how could you ever hope to communicate something meaningful to someone else? Don’t fucking lie to yourself. Practice won’t get you anywhere if you mindlessly fucking practice the same thing. Change only occurs when you work deliberately with purpose toward a goal. Never let your guard down by thinking you’re fucking good enough. Why are you fucking reading all of this? Get back to work. Can we all just agree as the greater design community to stop fucking talking about Comic Sans altogether? It’s getting fucking old. Respect your fucking craft. When you design, you have to draw on your own fucking life experiences. If it’s not something you would want to read/look at/use then why fucking bother? Your rapidograph pens are fucking dried up, the x-acto blades in your bag are rusty, and your mind is dull. Stop clicking your mouse, get messy, go back to the basics and make something fucking original. You need to sit down and sketch more fucking ideas because stalking your ex on facebook isn’t going to get you anywhere. What’s important is the fucking drive to see a project through no

Learn from fucking criticism. Don’t worry about what other people fucking think. The details are not the details. They make the fucking design. The graphic designer’s first fucking consideration is always the size and shape of the format, whether for the printed page or for digital display. Think about all the fucking possibilities. Why are you fucking reading all of this? Get back to work. Someday is not a fucking day of the week. Creativity is a fucking work-ethic. Make your work consistent but not fucking predictable. Respect your fucking craft. Fuck. Never, never assume that what you have achieved is fucking good enough. To surpass others is fucking tough, if you only do as you are told you don’t have it in you to succeed. Intuition is fucking important. Don’t get hung up on things that don’t fucking work. Form follows fucking function. You are not your fucking work. Design as if your fucking life depended on it. Paul Rand once said, “The public is more familiar with bad fucking design than good design. It is, in effect, conditioned to prefer bad design, because that is what it lives with. The new becomes threatening, the old reassuring.” When you
